Guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to set up the configurations for the Jersey Nets.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to scroll down.
400.
Now, we're going to need to copy this slide first.
Then you're going to need to go back to Our Vinci Code.
Then the project level view the corridor.
This.
Okay.
Now you're going to get rid of this reduction over here.
Get rid of this and then build this.
Then use control and this to save.
Okay.
Now they're also going to scroll down.
I will skip this part.
Okay, let's cut down.
Now, over here.
The Android.
My first thought, sml.
Yes.
Submit as a k Andre by the first SML will conflict with your project, namely the project application
labor fields to control that.
Okay, so counter that.
Go to and read source main and read by the first to disassemble.
Okay.
So they're going to go to court trying to make this law.
We're going to go to.
Android.
Right.
I saw source.
Then men.
Okay.
This should be it, right?
Now, let's see what is asking us to do.
Okay.
Is asking us to.
Copy this.
You can set it to replace a relay bell.
Okay.
First of all, I just got a copy that it wants us to address as well.
So we're going to copy this.
Okay.
Great way to make this white.
But you're going to get rid of this get rid of that greater than they're going to face this year.
You can see we still do agree to that.
Okay.
Now.
Then this is this.
You're going to need to copy this.
Okay.
Then is this?
Now he's going to try to satisfy.
Okay, great.
We're going to go back.
Okay.
Now says we should increase the minimize decay to 23.
And that was the reason I said there is no good documentation for this.
If we should reduce, it's increased.
It's 23 is still not going to work.
So we're going to increase us to 24 instead of 28 are going to increase our 2 hours to 29.
Okay.
Now to do this problem, they need to go to solve of did this problem need to go to the upgrade?
You did great.
All right.
So contrary to me, this war that we're going to go to, I dread.
Right.
You're going to collapse this.
They're going to go to 100.
Hop and view that grid.
Right.
Okay.
Now for the target as the question.
They're going to get rid of this and use 29 and not 28.
And for this, Robin, they use 24 and not 23.
Okay.
Now we can use control and that's to save.
Right.
Okay.
Now, over here, you can see two months or so of this program.
So you can see it's as decay and it was programmed.
But without a program to fly dots through that profile, your route is impeccable.
Well, we may send the voter up, as well as the rattlesnakes you caught in your photo project and read
how.
We'd agreed to add this.
Okay.
So we're going to need to had.
This.
Two lines you can see are below two lines for prayagraj.
The governor had this.
Okay.
Got it.
This.
Okay.
Copy this.
I'm just gonna copy everything, including that, and I'm going to get rid of it.
Okay.
Can I see if I can?
Can I just get a copy of it then?
Okay.
I think we need to go to air.
I'll play.
All right.
Okay.
I think, as I said, Tunisia, then the beautiful sites.
Okay, so we're just going to take this and I going to get rid of this, too, right?
Okay.
And now we can use control this to see.
I'm just going to get it to the same line.
Okay.
Great.
Control necessary and go back to our brother.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're going to do, and I take it is not.
We can't find this here.
Okay, I just got the check.
Okay, so you can see that art improv den had a fire in the same directory called Forgot Rules.
Okay, now, if we should click on this.
You're going to take us to an empty page.
I'm having this network issues, but it's gonna take us to an empty stage.
So that was.
I said we don't have they don't really have a lot of good documentation and we don't really have a lot
of good documentation for this.
Okay.
So now what we can do is you can see it was just to create.
It's gonna make sure my data is done on.
Okay, so what is basically saying is we.
We?
We need to create a high court.
Cruel God.
Who's going to see if I can copy this name so I don't make a mistake?
Aquarius will go back to that.
Think we have something like that?
Okay.
It is a delay, so we don't make a mistake.
And then we defy.
I can't throw a grudge.
Okay, so from this.
Right.
Okay.
Now you're going to see an empty page here.
Right.
Okay.
Hopefully you've seen that.
Now is asking us to set then how to fight in the same territory called progress.
Said to progress.
Okay.
Now we're going to go back to our Ondrej.
So he not arrested you but bicycled back over this territory?
We're going to create a new high.
Quite this.
Okay.
Then the rules.
In my test.
Not already.
How it's all work.
It is it is going to be available for you in the GitHub code.
When you want to copy digital copy the code, you're going to see this code in digital.
In my GitHub, I can say, okay, we're going to see the copy then.
We need to test this.
Right.
Okay, then the next thing we're going to do is revenue is control.
And that's not to say this say, okay, this is just basically rules you don't have to transmit.
So memorize it.
It is just basically rules.
Right.
And then maybe we'll do a whole we need to type this out.
But really, it is just rules.
It's okay.
Great.
Okay.
So this is basically the basically whole the configurations we we need to use jets emit.
Now what you're going to need to do is to close this code and restart again awkwardly.
You might get an arrow you can do to let me know.
Or probably we might get an arrow.
Then you're going to show that in this lecture or hopefully this rolls, we touch an arrow.
So what you're going to do now is to close your code and then open it again.
There you go.
You need to go to the.
You're going to need to go now to the cave just below collapsed this first that you're going to need
to go back to the way they call the site.
Okay.
Leave dietary.
Hopefully they're not going to collapse this okay live territory then demand it that far and then run
your hop.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.